right yeah we're gonna get up
oh I'm on top of the world I thought I
kept thinking all day back-to-back it's
possible it's possible they're like win
two in a row I was like you know what I
think it could happen why not I was
thinking why not I was just so so
blessed you know had my family on the
beach and oh I don't know what happened
I don't know how I won I'm just still
tripping out tripping up
you
great waves like that's such a good
little episode of surf last two weeks so
it's been really good I was like one of
the best days of the winter if not the
best day of the winter my plan was
really just to surf the best events if
there's gonna be a good ways I want to
compete
yeah the waves are just pumping all day
and so stoked to get out they hadn't
surfed it too much before the
competition and just two or three surfed
so I was itching to get some good
barrels oh it's pretty amazing I mean
you come in from a heat and you're not
sitting there get focusing up for the
next one you know you're changing a
nappy or you try and get them to see but
you just cuddler them and that so it's
pretty amazing it takes your mind off
and I mean I love being with them so it
just makes me calm her and it makes it
easy to surf good
you